chore(SpreadSheet): update sample (#2598)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/spreadsheet/overview.md

    {
        SpreadsheetData = Convert.FromBase64String(SampleExcelFile);

>         // Or, load a file from your file system
>         // var path = "C:\\Documents\\MyWorkbook.xlsx";
>         // Specify the File namespace to avoid ambiguous reference with the SVG icon "File"
>         // FileData = System.IO.File.ReadAllBytes(path);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Or, load a file from your file system.
        // Specify the full File namespace or use namespace aliases
        // to avoid ambiguous reference with the Telerik SVG icon File.
        // FileData = System.IO.File.ReadAllBytes("C:\\Documents\\MyWorkbook.xlsx");
```
